NEKHORVICH: Well, Dmitri.
Every search for a hero
must begin with something
that every hero requires,
a villain.
Therefore
in a search for our hero, Bellerophon
we created a monster
Chimera.
[INJECTING]
I beg you, Dmitri, come to Sydney
and accompany me
to Atlanta immediately.
However we travel,
I must arrive at my destination
within 20 hours of departure.
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
CHILDREN: ♪ Ring around the Rosie ♪
♪ A pocket full of posies ♪
♪ Ashes, ashes ♪
♪ We all fall down ♪
[LAUGHING]
CAPTAIN OVER PA: Folks,
we're two and a half hours from Atlanta.
Look out your window now. We have
a great view of the Rocky Mountains.
You keep staring at that watch
as if your life depended on it, Doctor.
Well, yes.
I suppose I'm a bit anxious.
You'll soon be with old friends.
I'm with an old friend now, Dmitri.
I'm sorry it couldn't be
under happier circumstances.
I'm sorry too.
You are sorry, and I am sorry.
You don't know Gradski thought the
world of you.
Did he
know
before the end
that you two had succeeded?
Yes, he knew. Just.
Not in time to save him?
No.
After you've been infected with Chimera
for 20 hours
nothing can save you
not even Bellerophon.
You can carry them together
safely?
Yes.
And you'll get us to safe place with them
in Atlanta, thank God.
CAPTAIN OVER PA:
This is your Captain again.
We've experienced a slight
but abrupt drop in cabin pressure.
As a precaution,
I've released the oxygen masks.
Please put them on, sit back, relax.
There's nothing to worry about.
Are you concerned?
Not so far.
Just put on your oxygen mask.
- I'll see what's going on.
- Okay.
Denver Center,
this is Transpac 2207, 747 heavy.
We're unable to maintain cabin
pressurization.
We've initiated a descent to 1-6000.
Captain...
God.
It seems we have a problem, Dmitri.
You keep calling me Dmitri.
You really shouldn't.
You are not Dmitri?
No.
Wallis,
hold on to this.
Ulrich, remember to pull the...
Remember to pull the NO2 tank
and dump it.
All done, chief.
AUTOPILOT: Terrain. Terrain.
[ALARM BEEPING]
Pull up. Pull up. Terrain.
MAN: Seven nine nine!
MAN 2:
Checkpoint Charlie, three, two, one!
Go!
AUTOPILOT: Terrain. Terrain.
Pull up. Pull up.
Terrain. Terrain.
[SCREAMING]
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
[MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE
THEME PLAYING]
[SCOFFS]
SWANBECK ON EARPIECE:
Good morning, Mr. Hunt.
Your mission,
should you choose to accept it
involves the recovery of a stolen item
designated Chimera.
You may select any two team members
but it is essential
that the third team
member be Nyah Nordoff-Hall.
She is a civilian
and a highly capable professional thief.
You have 48 hours
to recruit Miss Nordoff-Hall
and meet me in Seville
to receive your assignment.
As always, should you or any member
of your IMF team be caught or killed
the Secretary will disavow
all knowledge of your actions.
And, Mr. Hunt,
the next time you go on holiday
please let us know where you're going.
WOMAN ON EARPIECE:
This message will self-destruct
in five seconds.
If I let you know where I'm going
then I won't be on holiday.
[FLAMENCO MUSIC PLAYING]
[CROWD APPLAUDING]
ETHAN: I see you found it.
What are you doing here?
Think you're the only one
who can pick a lock?
Not just a pretty face after all.
[DOOR OPENING]
[MAN HUMMING]
Do you mind if I'm on top?
Either way works for me.
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
- You'll never find it there.
- Damn it.
- Find what?
- His ex's Bulgari necklace.
It goes up for auction on Tuesday.
And are you going to tell me where it is?
Far left.
This is very disconcerting.
Hey, you put me here.
I just do as I'm told.
Right.
Now
who are you
and what's it gonna cost me?
I wouldn't do that.
What?
[ALARM BLARING]
That.
[MEN SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[TALKING IN SPANISH]
Mr. Keys, it is you.
It is Mr. Keys, our security engineer.
Apologize!
ETHAN: No, no need to apologize.
Miss Hall, my associate,
has your necklace in a very safe place
but obviously we do feel the alarm
should have gone off a little sooner.
Isn't that right, Miss Hall?
Oh, absolutely.
Much, much too long, I'd say.
We'd recommend resetting the sensors
to respond to a lighter load.
How do you feel about 40 kilos,
Miss Hall?
Perfect.
Shall we?
Miss Hall,
haven't you forgotten something?
What are you trying to do, senorita,
rob me?
The thought had crossed my mind.
NYAH: I'm missing something here,
aside from my
half million pound necklace.
Even after I screwed up the job, I
could have walked out with the thing.
ETHAN: At least you walked.
If you weren't going to let me get away
with it, why did you watch me do it?
I wanted to see how good you were.
I was hoping we might work together.
Sounds terrific.
[SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
Now be serious.
Whatever you're talking about,
you couldn't want me
after that performance.
- You didn't do that badly.
- You apologizing for me?
Quite the gentleman.
Not really.
I triggered the alarm.
[ALARM BLARING]
Sorry.
I don't do laundry, cook
or put up with cheeky bastards
who set me up on their territory
so they can poach on mine.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[PHONE RINGING]
- Hello.
- ETHAN: Hi.
Would you mind slowing down?
Where did you get this number?
I don't even have it.
Would you like it?
[PHONE RINGING]
Pull over and listen to me, will you?
Just listen.
- Listen to what?
- I need your help.
- I think you could use mine.
- Your help?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about Scotland Yard, Interpol
every Dutch authority.
I can make them all go away.
Oh, bloody hell.
You're a spy!
Well, if you want me,
you've gotta catch me.
You having fun?
Sorry.
[MAN YELLING IN SPANISH]
Watch the road.
[CAR HONKING]
[SCREAMING]
[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[WHIMPERING]
[NYAH PANTING]
What's your name?
Ethan Hunt.
Well, Ethan Hunt
what is it you want to talk to me about?
A lot more than I thought.
Awfully short notice.
Care to wait a decent interval?
Who wants to be decent?
[SIGHS]
So what have you got against spies?
When they've got
your recruiting technique
nothing.
- This wasn't exactly by the book.
- They've got a book for this?
They've got a book for everything.
So this thing these blokes pinched...
I don't know that they pinched it.
I don't even know that they're blokes.
What am I doing here?
I thought I was supposed to be
some kind of thief to catch a thief.
So did I.
Sort of.
Damn, you're beautiful.
[CROWD CHANTING AND SINGING]
[DOOR OPENING]
Espresso? Cappuccino?
No, thanks.
Sit down.
Festival's a pain in the ass.
Honoring their saints
by setting them on fire.
Lets you know what they think of
saints, doesn't it?
Damn near set me on fire
on my way over here.
Sorry, I barged in on your vacation.
- Sorry I didn't tell you where I was.
- Wouldn't be a vacation if you did.
Well, you're sorry, and I'm sorry.
- Why did you phrase it like that?
- Like what?
"You're sorry. I'm sorry."
[CHUCKLES]
You gotta be kidding.
NEKHORVICH: Well, Dmitri
once again I need your help
just as in the old days, huh?
When you saved our lives,
saved our very sanity.
Dmitri...
We have this little problem.
Every search for a hero
must begin with something
that every hero requires,
a villain.
Therefore
in a search for our hero, Bellerophon
we created a monster
Chimera.
I beg you, Dmitri, come to Sydney
and accompany me to
Atlanta immediately.
However we travel,
I must arrive at my destination
within 20 hours of departure.
I fear I can entrust this
to no one but you.
Dmitri...
As we say, I'm sorry, and you are sorry.
Do you have any idea what the hell
he's talking about?
An idea? Yeah.
- Like?
- It's a good idea to get him now.
A bad idea to fly him on a commercial
carrier. Is he still in Sydney?
Dr. Vladimir Nekhorvich is dead.
So is his colleague Gradski,
but that happened earlier.
We had Nekhorvich on a flight
from Sydney
that crashed in the Rockies.
Dead.
Are you listening to me?
If he didn't want to go anywhere
without me
how did you get him on that flight?
You were there.
When I couldn't find you,
I had to replace you.
Sean Ambrose was the obvious choice.
He doubled you two or three times.
- Twice.
- What did you think of him?
We had reservations about each other.
It's a bit late to be asking me that.
No, not necessarily.
Airline records
list a Captain Harold Macintosh
as the pilot of flight 2207.
As far as the media and all the
governmental agencies are concerned
Captain Macintosh died in the flight.
But, in fact, he missed it.
He did, however, make the next flight
in cargo
stuffed into a rather small suitcase,
considering his size.
Someone on that flight
planned an operation
designed to bring the plane down and
make it look like an accident.
Someone skillful enough
to bring it off without a hitch.
There's one thing we know
that Ambrose doesn't.
Then you do think it was Ambrose?
You're not surprised?
Sean feels he hasn't done the job
unless he leaves a lot of hats
on the ground.
The question is why.
What was this Chimera
Nekhorvich was carrying?
Only Ambrose knows that.
In any case,
you must recover this Chimera
and bring it to us.
In order to do that, I've got to figure
out how he plans to make money on it.
That is where Miss Hall comes in.
Excuse me?
Miss Hall and Ambrose
had a relationship
which he took very seriously.
She walked away, and he's been
wanting her back ever since.
We believe she's our surest and
quickest way of locating him.
And then what?
Well, make sure
she continues to see him
gets him to confide in her,
and report to you.
You made it sound as if
I was recruiting her
for her skills as a thief.
Well, then I mislead you
or you made the wrong assumption.
Either way, we are asking her
to resume a prior relationship
not do anything she hasn't already done.
Voluntarily, I might add.
No, she's got no training
for this kind of thing.
To go to bed with a man and lie to him?
She's a woman.
She's got all the training she needs.
I don't think I can get her to do it.
- You mean it'll be difficult.
- Very.
Well, this is not Mission: Difficult,
Mr. Hunt. It's Mission: Impossible.
Difficult should be
a walk in the park for you.
I'm open to suggestion.
If you can think of a quicker way
to get to Ambrose
you're welcome to try.
You might want to take a look at these
if you have any further qualms about
getting her to do the job.
How many people are capable
of something like that?
Sean Ambrose
for one.
Right.
This wasn't what I had in mind, Nyah.
But it is what you'd like me to do.
What?
Oh, let my conscience be my guide.
Is that it?
Something like that.
I don't have a conscience.
I'm a bloody thief.
You're gonna try and force me
to do this?
Generally, I don't favor
coercing someone
not when there's a chance
my life could end up in their hands.
Is that the only reason?
- Can you think of a better one?
- Me? No.
I was hoping you might, thinking that
somewhere in the course of business
this got personal as well as physical!
Okay. Would it make you feel any better
if I didn't want you to do this?
- Yeah, much.
- Then feel better!
Sean will never be anything
but suspicious if I pitch up
saying, "Hey, honey, I'm home."
What wouldn't make him suspicious?
That I needed him in some urgent way.
Destitute,
in serious trouble,
the kind
I couldn't possibly sort out myself.
Serious trouble, Nyah
is something I can always arrange.
ETHAN: This transponder chip
is completely untraceable.
It transmits your location to a satellite
which can be read
by only this computer.
We can then track you
to within three feet
anywhere.
Since your arrest,
I've been sending news bulletins
to every law enforcement agency
in the world.
I know Sean Ambrose
and I guarantee
that after that airline crash
he's monitoring every one of them.
He knows you're there.
And he has the means to get you out.
Nyah.
Nyah...
I'm not gonna lose you.
BILLY: Agent Hunt?
Good day, mate.
I'm William Baird, but Billy's okay.
Anything you need me to get,
move or watch, I'm your man.
I'll have a look around.
[CHUCKLES]
[SQUISHING]
LUTHER: Shit.
Yes, it is.
This ain't funny.
I just bought these $800 Gucci shoes
and you got me in a helicopter
with this man?
LUTHER: Computer's up. We got her.
Let's put in the coordinates
and get a visual.
- Visuals aren't coming up.
- Satellite doesn't work as fast as I do.
Yeah, I heard about you, Luther.
I wanna say it's an honor and a
pleasure to be working with you blokes.
Isn't there any way
we can speed this up?
With what? This is the only computer
that will do this.
LUTHER: Ethan, here we go.
BILLY: Now there's a bloke who knows
how to give a proper welcome.
Don't get me wrong, mate.
You were very friendly also.
BILLY: Is it him then?
- It's him, Billy.
- So we got him.
We don't know what we've got.
'Cause we don't know what he's got
where he's got it
or what he's doing in Sydney with it.
Not much luggage.
I left in a bit of a hurry.
I'm incredibly grateful, Sean.
How in the world did you find me?
How I usually find you.
Magic.
[HUMMING]
No flies on her.
No bugs either. No transmissions.
She's clean.
All cats are.
Your room?
And my room?
She did it.
She's in the compound.
Yeah?
We've just rolled up a snowball
and tossed it into hell.
Now we'll see what chance it has.
Try it on.
Go ahead.
I'm dying to see
if I remembered your size.
You're not interested
in seeing how it looks?
Oh, I am.
Later.
NEKHORVICH: Every search for a hero
must begin with something
that every hero requires,
a villain.
Therefore
in a search for our hero, Bellerophon
we created a monster
Chimera.
LUTHER:
Nekhorvich was a molecular biologist.
Why is he going on
about an old Greek myth?
Nekhorvich specialized in
recombining DNA molecules.
In the myth
Bellerophon was a prince
who killed the Chimera,
a monster with the head of a lion
and the tail of a serpent
who plagued the ancient world.
I think Nekhorvich created
a monster virus in Chimera
and the antivirus to kill it
in Bellerophon.
That simple, huh?
Why not?
[AMBROSE SNICKERS]
Thirty-seven million pounds.
Well, that's a promising bid
for Nekhorvich's work.
Don't look so worried, Hugh.
We're halfway there.
We'll need this at the track
if we're going to get the other half.
Well, then...
Sorted.
Not everything.
Why do you think she's really here?
From her point of view or mine?
She wasn't exactly gagging for it
when she left you six months ago.
The question is, "Do you trust her?"
One considers her timing, of course.
Getting nicked within a week
of the plane going down.
Suggestive
even borderline suspicious
but hardly conclusive.
You've thought about it at any rate.
Tell me, Hugh.
You don't exactly hang on
Nyah's every word and gesture, do you?
That's a fairly ratty nail.
Please.
Suppose she is some sort of Trojan
horse sent in by IMF
to spy on us?
Why should I deny myself the pleasure
of a ride or two?
[HUGH SCREAMING]
Or don't you think I can learn more
from her than she can from me?
I do! I do! I do!
Now, Hugh, you must realize
that some of us
have the burden of sex to deal with.
And I may or may not know
why she thinks she's here
but I'm willing to take the risk
because, Hugh
[HUGH TREMBLING]
I am gagging for it.
[SCREAMING]
[CROWD CHEERING]
[ANNOUNCER
TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
Come on! Come on!
[NYAH SQUEALING]
Darling, you won!
I suppose I did.
What made you pick that nag?
She's never won a bloody thing.
"Thief in the Night."
[LAUGHING]
Say no more.
I'm off to grab a drink.
- You still favor the Bellinis?
- Hmm.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
MAN: Naturally Vain.
Pardon me?
Naturally Vain?
In the fourth. Check her out. She's due.
ETHAN ON EARPIECE: You can speak
as if I'm right by your side.
Where are you?
Mounting enclosure,
just off the track, 2:00.
ETHAN: How's it going?
Just like old times.
Just like old times?
Just about.
Tell me who you've run into
at Ambrose's.
Near as I can tell, there's about a
half dozen blokes about the place.
NYAH: Maybe more.
Hugh Stamp. Old friend of Sean's.
He's the only one I recognize.
A creep and then some.
We know him. He's over your
left shoulder looking at you right now.
Ambrose has photos of newspapers
with money piled on them.
Thirty-seven million
on the London Times.
What's that about?
Bids from possible Chimera buyers.
BILLY: Ambrose is meeting some bloke
in the bar.
BILLY: Big bloke. Ginger hair.
They're into something.
- ETHAN: Who is this guy?
- Checking now, Ethan.
LUTHER: John McCloy,
CEO Biocyte Pharmaceuticals,
LUTHER: 1989, acquired Biocyte
in a hostile takeover.
ETHAN: He was Nekhorvich's boss.
LUTHER: Right.
LUTHER: He worked for him
as the research scientist at Biocyte.
Ambrose is showing something
to McCloy on a digital camera.
Whatever McCloy's looking at,
he's not happy about it.
Ambrose just pulled the camera's
memory card
and put it into an envelope.
LUTHER:
Put it in his inner left jacket pocket.
Confirm left jacket pocket.
Roger that.
Nyah,
Ambrose is on his way back to you.
- There's an envelope inside...
- His left jacket pocket.
That's right.
Where do I meet you?
Betting table 12, off the paddock.
- Are you sure you're up to this?
- I'll muddle through.
- There you are.
- See anything you like?
Well, yeah.
Naturally Vain.
But they're about to close the betting
- and I haven't a bean.
- Nyah!
- Would you mind terribly?
- Not at all.
But you are gonna pay for it
and with interest.
I have no doubt.
Hold on.
Put down a thousand for me.
- To win?
- What else?
Billy, make sure Nyah's not followed.
No worries, mate.
Luther, digital camera,
ready to transmit.
ETHAN: Betting table 12.
- There you go.
- Thanks.
[GROANING]
Sorry about that, mate.
That must have...
Say again?
[MUTTERING]
Whatever you're about,
in future watch your step.
Never know who you might run into.
Where's the loo?
Thanks, mate.
[GASPING]
[CROWD CHATTERING]
How'd you do?
Don't turn around.
I managed.
You turned around.
What are you gonna do, spank me?
[LUTHER CLEARING THROAT]
I'm booted up. Go, Ethan.
Are you getting this?
"Sergei Gradski"
"20 hours after exposure."
God.
BILLY: Stamp's out of the loo.
BILLY: He's coming out of the tunnel
heading your way, mate.
- I want you out of Ambrose's place.
- What are you talking about?
What's happened? What did you see?
Okay, he's coming up
behind you, Ethan.
You've done your job.
I want you out of Australia.
- Thirty steps.
- How do you suggest I go about it?
- BILLY: Twenty, nineteen...
- He's touched your heart,
you're overwhelmed
and need to think it over.
Fifteen, fourteen.
- Twelve, eleven.
- I want you out of there now.
Give me the earpiece.
Nine, Ethan. Eight.
If you don't get out of there,
I'm coming in and getting you out.
BILLY: Get out of there.
You place your bet, ma'am?
Just
MALE ANNOUNCER:
Horses are ready to race.
[STARTER BELL RINGS]
Come on!
Come on! Your nag's making a run
for it on the outside.
Come on!
You picked another winner!
I thought you were going to dinner.
Hugh, take care
of the Nekhorvich memory card.
Where is it?
In the envelope in my jacket pocket.
My right jacket pocket.
We at our state-of—the-art,
solar-powered Biocyte building
recognize that eternal vigilance
is the price of health
whether it's funding the teaching center
at the Royal Prince Edward Hospital,
removing aerosol products
from the market
or braving the influenza quarantine
at Bruny Island late last month.
At Biocyte,
your life is our life's work.
We've got an opportunity here.
I'm not going to miss it.
McCLOY: George, take me home.
George.
What the hell?
George!
George. George!
[COUGHING]
[GASPING AND CHOKING]
NYAH: Sean?
Sean.
[MEN CHATTERING]
[MAN LAUGHING]
[GASPS]
MAN: Shh. Shh. Shh.
Easy.
Oh, Ethan.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I am now.
[SIGHS]
[GURGLING]
[WHEEZING]
MCCLOY: What is this?
A visit from an old friend.
[PANTING]
You crashed on the plane. You're dead.
Tired, certainly.
But dead is a little extreme.
On the other hand
when my colleague Gradski had
your pulse and your blood pressure
he had less than a day to live.
You're infected with Chimera, my friend.
No use, my friend.
The medical staff
wants no part of this.
Doctors don't fancy the idea of dying
any more than anybody else.
How could I possibly be infected?
That's exactly what Gradski said
27 hours before he died.
You've got the antidote,
you miserable bastard!
- You stole Bellerophon. All of it!
- My, my, my.
I need it.
I need it now,
you whacked-out Russian gypsy!
And what about Gradski, who you
deliberately infected with Chimera?
How was I to know he needed treatment
with Bellerophon within 20 hours?
By asking me.
You still don't get it, do you?
I needed to know just how bad
the disease was in the real world
not just the lab.
You were genetically splicing together
strains of influenza
to create a cure for all influenzas.
But you were also creating
a disease so terrible in Chimera
the cure would be priceless.
I needed Chimera
in order to peddle Bellerophon.
It's not that difficult to understand, is it?
Look, I've got the virus,
you've got the cure.
I need them both.
Time was, a shot of penicillin
would knock off every bug in the zoo.
Not anymore.
If I couldn't make money killing
the microscopic little shits out there
you'd help me put one out there
that I could make money on.
Well, there it is. I've confessed.
I, John C. McCloy
am in business to make money.
Now forget any deal you may have made
with that thug Ambrose
get me treated,
and let's go back to work.
You know
I think it's a little late for that.
Do give my regards to Gradski
if you see him.
Well?
I've heard
all I need to hear.
Nyah.
It's imperative that we do nothing
to alarm Ambrose.
What?
You told me to leave as soon as I could.
I thought you were here to collect me!
[SHUSHING]
Listen to me. There's no time to talk.
It is critical,
absolutely critical
that you do whatever Ambrose asks.
Do you understand me?
Don't worry.
It Will all be over
very soon.
That's a promise.
Come on.
Off you go.
Luther, we know this much.
Nekhorvich gets on a plane to go to the
Center for Disease Control in Atlanta.
He's carrying a virus he created,
Chimera,
and the cure for that virus, Bellerophon.
Ambrose doesn't have the virus.
That's why Ambrose needs McCloy.
So we go into Biocyte, kill Chimera
Ambrose has a cure without a disease
and we're home free.
HUGH: You were right.
Hunt stung McCloy tonight.
So he knows.
He'll be going into Biocyte.
Good.
Then we know where he'll be, don't we?
Well done, Hugh.
Well done.
[CAR HORN HONKING]
[BILLY SHOUTING]
You're home, mate. Home.
[CLEARING THROAT]
Where's George, my regular driver?
Where is he?
He's gone home sick. Touch of the flu.
The building up and running yet?
- That's not exactly it.
- Sorry, but this is a Biocyte facility.
LUTHER: Their storage structure.
I'll have it up in a minute.
Okay, take a look at this.
ETHAN: Let's start from the inside out.
All storage and production of Chimera
is done here
in this lab on the 42nd floor.
Hunt's target will be the Chimera
stored and manufactured at Biocyte
on the 42nd floor.
If you look at Hunt's operational history,
and I have,
he invariably favors misdirection
over confrontation.
AMBROSE: He'll never
break into Biocyte from the bottom,
where security is heaviest.
No garage entrances.
Lobby's protected by five guards
on rotating patrol.
Not going in from the ground.
Show me the atrium.
LUTHER: The atrium? One of a kind.
Runs down through
the center of the building.
Provides 24-hour natural light
via mirrors and daylight storage cells,
optimum growing conditions
for the virus.
Ends in a glass floor
which doubles as part of the lab ceiling.
Uh-uh.
The atrium roof closes at sundown.
And if the louvers are up
for more than 40 seconds at night,
the civil emergency alarms are tripped.
Those even I can't stop.
We have a total of 40 seconds
to get you in and the cables out.
Hunt will prefer to enter Biocyte
from the top, where security is minimal.
He'll undoubtedly engage
in some aerobatic insanity
before he'll risk harming a hair
on a security guard's head.
- Check, check. Copy?
- You're five-by-five.
ETHAN: Luther, how we doing?
LUTHER: Not there yet, Ethan.
I'll give you the word.
ETHAN: Billy, ready to go?
- Package away in five.
- Not yet. The louvers aren't moving.
BILLY: Luther, we gotta go.
LUTHER: Wait.
There's a glitch in the access code.
BILLY: Luther, we're out of time.
On the count.
Please, baby, open up. Open up.
Five, four...
- Come on!
- ...three, two, one!
- I'm going now!
- Ethan, wait!
[LAUGHING]
LUTHER: 25, 24, 23,
22, 21, 20.
You've got 19 seconds
to clear the cable.
Okay, retracting cable.
[TIMER BEEPING]
Come on.
Nine, eight, seven, six, five,
four, three, two...
Cable's clear!
LUTHER: Transponder activated.
Reading package and cable clear.
He'll breach the lab
at the only possible time.
Whether you break in from the ground
or the roof,
it's 23:00 hours, one minute
when the air filtration generators
will cover the sound of Hunt's break-in
and rotating guards make the building
vulnerable to our break-in from below.
LUTHER: Ethan, the generators
are about to go active.
Just a friendly reminder,
we'll be out of contact for eight minutes.
AMBROSE:
I'm betting Hunt will destroy Chimera
rather than attempt to preserve
any part of it.
He'll have to do it in two places.
First,
the incubation room
where the growth vials are kept.
And finally, in the inoculation chamber
holding the last remaining
Chimera virus and three injection guns.
He won't be allowed to destroy the virus
in those guns.
[BEEPING]
What's this? You're on time for once?
Not exactly, sport.
[GUNSHOTS]
[BODY FALLING]
[RECORDER BEEPS]
John C. McCloy.
[BEEPING]
Billy, we've got a problem.
LUTHER: Nyah's on the wing up early.
Billy, do you copy?
Yeah, I got you, Luther.
Exactly where is she?
- In the building.
- Say again, mate.
Sounds like you said
she's in the building.
I am. She is.
Well, then, she's not likely
to be alone, is she?
LUTHER: She's in the elevator
headed towards Ethan.
The question is, how many of them?
I can't get through to Ethan
till the generators go off.
When's that?
Not for another five-and-a-half minutes.
COMPUTER: Chimera in vitro pH
and temperature level
outside optimal range.
Chimera in vitro pH
and temperature level
outside optimal range.
Chimera working seed stock pH
at critical level.
Alert. Chimera stock life threatened.
Alert. Chimera stock life terminated.
Come on, Ethan. Come on.
COMPUTER:
Subject is contaminant-free.
Zero contaminant factor.
Come on, come on.
BILLY: Luther, what the he can we do?
What can we do?
Hope he kills all the bugs before
the yellow dot gets to the red one.
NEKHORVICH: However we travel,
I must arrive at my destination
within 20 hours of departure.
McCLOY: How was I to know
he needed treatment with Bellerophon
within 20 hours?
[GUNFIRE]
Get him.
How much longer
before you can reach him?
We got 29 seconds
before the generators turn off.
Then Ethan'll be back on line.
[TIMER BEEPING]
[GRUNTS]
[MAN SCREAMS]
[BEEPING CONTINUES]
BILLY: Luther!
AMBROSE: Hold your fire!
Hold your fire, damn it!
[SIGHS]
Well, Hunt,
how you been?
Fighting a bit of a cold.
[LAUGHING]
That was the hardest part
of having to portray you,
grinning like an idiot every 15 minutes.
I always thought the hardest part
was curbing that pressing need of yours
to get your gun off.
You were in such a hurry
to knock off that 747,
you never figured out
where Chimera really was.
- I knew where it was.
- Oh.
Then you knew the only way
Nekhorvich could smuggle the live virus
was by injecting himself,
and using his own bloodstream
as a petri dish.
You knew that
while you were knocking him off,
destroying the very thing you came for.
Stop!
Put a sock in it!
Hit that bloody gun, and you'll spread
that virus all over the place!
There it is, guys.
The last of it.
What was the top bid?
Why?
You gonna make me a better offer?
Than 37 million pounds? Not really.
Oh.
Somebody has been slipping you
our mail.
Come on out here, you bad girl.
She doesn't belong here.
Let her go.
She wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for you, Hunt.
From this moment, you are responsible
for what happens to her.
And if you're looking out
for her well-being,
I suggest you advise her to pick up
the injection gun and bring it to me.
The ball's in your court, Hunt.
[LUTHER COUGHING]
Nyah's in the building.
LUTHER: Do you copy?
Thank you.
How do you know he won't shoot you
the minute he's got it?
One can't hold Nyah responsible
for her actions.
You know women, mate.
Like monkeys they are.
Won't let go of one branch
till they get a grip on the next.
Get it, Nyah. I'll cover you.
[SIGHS]
I am waiting.
Things haven't exactly worked out
the way you thought they would, Ethan.
Sorry.
You bitch!
[BEEPING]
You're not gonna shoot me, Sean.
Not this bitch.
'Cause she's worth 37 million pounds.
[HIGH PITCHED HUMMING]
- What did you think you were doing?
- I wasn't thinking!
Just trying to stop you
from getting hurt, that's all.
You who don't have a conscience.
I guess I lied.
You can't get us both out of here,
can you?
I'm infected with Chimera.
You know you don't have a choice.
Just do it.
Do it. NOW!
We've got 19 hours and 58 minutes.
I'll get Bellerophon into your system
before then.
Just stay alive!
I'm not going to lose you!
Feel like pleading for your life?
Well, then how about dying
so you can make me a lot of money.
In just a few hours time
you can be assured of going down
in history as the Typhoid Mary of Oz.
Good day.
[DOOR CLOSES]
There's not a chance of locating Nyah
until I can access the satellite.
I can't do that till I get
this computer fixed,
and that's taking a while.
- How much time does she have left?
- Not long.
- But Nyah will take care of Nyah.
- What do you mean?
Unless we dose her with Bellerophon,
Nyah will kill herself.
So first things first.
BILLY: Ambrose and his team
have arrived over the bridge,
and Nyah's not with him.
Copy that.
You all right, mate?
Looks like heavy security from here.
What's it look like from there?
Risky.
[GRATE SQUEAKING]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
Simon.
Stay here.
ETHAN: Breached the structure
at the 10:00 grating.
It's a DNA match.
The blood's loaded with Chimera.
And they certainly have Bellerophon.
[SIGHS]
You've got the virus and the antivirus,
which means I've got 30 million for you.
Not exactly.
We don't want just your cash.
- What do you want?
- Stock, Mr. McCloy.
Stock options
to be a little more precise.
[CELL PHONE SPEED-DIALING]
Cut her loose right in the center of town.
The more crowded, the better.
LUTHER:
Just picked up an Ambrose call.
Nyah's been dropped off.
- I think she's still alive.
- Where is she?
Somewhere in Sydney.
[MAN GRUNTS]
Somewhere in Sydney?
Care to harden the target?
LUTHER: I can't until I can get the GPS
up on our computer. It's still down.
[MAN GROANS]
The clock is ticking.
How quickly can you manufacture
more of the antivirus?
- No time at all, once I've got it.
- Good.
Biocyte stock is just a few weeks away
from going through the roof.
- What are you talking about?
- An outbreak of Chimera.
- Where?
- Downtown Sydney, for a start.
You create the supply, Mr. McCloy.
We've just created the demand.
Three million people in Sydney
and 17 million people in Australia
are going to need Bellerophon
within the next few days.
Not to mention the rest of the world.
Now, this is how it's going to work.
- The shares outstanding are?
- 93.4 million.
Which means, Mr. McCloy,
we need to get our hands
on 480,000 options.
We'll borrow your 30 million
to buy those options.
Your stock has never sold
above $31 a share.
When your stock goes north of 200,
which it will,
those options will be worth billions,
and I will own 51 percent of Biocyte.
This is outrageous.
I will not let you take control
of my company.
Sit down.
[MAN GRUNTS]
You'll be a billionaire.
That's better than being broke.
I have terrorists
and other pharmaceutical companies
standing in line.
The ball's in your court, Mr. McCloy.
[CLATTERING]
Run that bastard down.
[BANGING]
We're running short on time,
Mr. McCloy.
We have got to conclude our business.
Yes.
Start the transfer.
Follow it and let me know.
[COMPUTER BEEPING]
[SIGHS]
[BIRD COOING]
[HUGH GRUNTS]
Raise your hands very slowly.
Sure you want me to do this?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Ethan. Ethan, do you copy?
Keep it going.
HUGH ON RADIO: Sean,
this rat's reached the end of the maze.
Is he alive?
Yeah, more or less.
Bring him to me.
Go.
Sean, transfer completed.
Well done, Stamp. Well done.
[GRUNTS]
[INTENSE GROANING]
Stop mumbling!
I'm afraid he's got no choice.
I believe I broke his jaw.
[LAUGHING]
Stamp, I'm impressed.
We don't have a lot of time, Hunt.
Whatever you've got to say, say it now.
[GROANING]
How about giving us a big smile?
No?
What are you doing?
Get down on your knees.
Now, this is what's known
as getting your gun off.
[SCREAMING]
There he is!
Ethan!
[MAN SCREAMING]
Just back off
and pinpoint their positions!
Luther, clear the bridge for me.
Hunt's heading for the bridge,
coming in at 12:00 high.
Oh, I'm mad now.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
- You all right, mate?
- That punk put a hole in my Versace.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Ethan, the computer's up. I've got Nyah.
She's moved out of the city.
She's on the north bluff
approaching the cliffs,
but I can't get a visual.
Copy! She's only got a little time left!
Track ahead and pick her up!
I can't get a good shot!
Ethan, we won't be able to cover you.
My earpiece is failing.
You've got me on GPS.
Bring her to me.
Billy, north head bluff. Haul ass.
- Get out there and keep firing!
- I can't see anything!
Slow down, mate, slow down!
[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
[HORNS HONKING]
Range is 2 "K."
[BOTH GRUNT]
[GRUNTING]
[YELLING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
Go ahead. Use it, Hunt.
It's not a bad way to go.
It's a lot better than the way
that bitch is gonna die.
There she is!
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMING]
AMBROSE: Hunt!
[LAUGHING]
You should've killed me.
SWANBECK: Miss Hall's blood
has absolutely no elements
of the Chimera virus,
not even antibodies.
Yes, I gathered as much.
But you were under specific instructions
to retrieve a live sample of the virus.
I'd be very interested to know how,
after you'd managed this recovery,
it subsequently got destroyed.
By fire.
- It's the best way, really.
- Oh.
Well, as for Miss Hall,
in light of her efforts
her criminal record
will certainly be expunged.
Wiped out.
I'm assuming you approve.
I do.
Where is she now? Any idea?
I don't know. Not exactly.
SWANBECK: So what are your plans?
ETHAN: I don't know.
ETHAN: Some sort of vacation.
I'll let you know where I'm going.
SWANBECK: Don't have to do that.
It wouldn't be a vacation if you did.
Let's get lost.
[MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE
THEME PLAYING]